BSIM4Mathematica: A BSIM4 Model Interface for Mathematica
==========================================================

This project is an attempt to call the BSIM4 device model for MOS transistors directly from Mathematica. Berkeley's device modelling group makes the BSIM4 model available publically, in a form compatible for execution within Berkeley SPICE. My thinking in creating this project is to allow Mathematica to directly perform circuit exploration (even if the results aren't "sign-off quality") without relying on a pre-characterised dataset or by calling a circuit simulator to do the heavy lifting for it. By doing so, my hope is that one can explore circuit topologies within the comfort of Mathematica's analytical framework. It was never my intention in this project to create a SPICE simulator, but rather to create a device model execution engine, which can then be called upon to perform pertinent biasing and performance studies of small circuits.

As of this writing, the code is still far from ready for primetime. The Mathematica library will correctly transfer model parameters to the underlying C library and back without issue, however, I haven't had the chance to really test the model (yet). Much of the work is already done, I think, but I'm sure there will be a few as of yet unknown issues when the model is executed. If you want to use this, please keep this in mind. MathLink luckily runs a separate process for the C programme, so you won't lose your Mathematica session and data, but this is **experimental** code.
